Setup (#4)
asdf-format/asdf-adass2024: README.md

# The Advanced Scientific Data Format Tutorial
## ADASS 2024
### Valletta, Malta

To run all the workshop notebooks on your own computer, be sure your machine is configured with the packages in
the
[installation check file](https://github.com/asdf-format/asdf-adass2024/blob/main/tutorial/install/verify_install.py). These packages
are the ones we use to verify that the notebooks are working as expected.

These instructions assume the installation is done on a *nix type of operating system and describe setup using `git` and `Miniconda`. It is not strictly necessary to use either of these.There are pointers for setting this up on Windows, however Windows is not fully supported.

> ## 1. Install Miniconda (if needed)

Reviewer: I must admit that I very rarely use conda/miniconda/mamba. It looks good to me but I don't know the "gotchas" for conda.

Author: I think that's what most astronomers are used to, we'll find out.

```shell
git clone https://github.com/asdf-format/asdf-adass2024.git
```

If you elect not to use `git`, you can download the ZIP file by opening the green `Code` button at
https://github.com/asdf-format/asdf-adass2024.git and selecting `Download ZIP`.

## 5. Create a `conda` environment for the workshop

> *Miniconda includes an environment manager called conda. Environments allow you to have multiple sets of Python
packages installed at the same time, making reproducibility and upgrades easier. You can create, export, list, remove,
and update environments that have different versions of Python and/or packages installed in them.*

[Create a conda environment for this workshop using a yml file](https://conda.io/docs/user-guide/tasks/manage-environments.html#creating-an-environment-from-an-environment-yml-file)
. The python version and all needed packages are listed in
[`environment.yml`](https://github.com/asdf-format/asdf-adass2024/blob/main/tutorial/install/environment.yml).

Open a terminal window using the appropriate one for your operating system.

Now navigate to this directory in the terminal:

```shell
cd asdf-adass2024
```

> And finally, on any platform, to install and activate the `roman-data-workshop-env` environment, type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And finally, on any platform, to install and activate the `adass-asdf` environment, type:
```

```shell
conda env create --file install/environment.yml
conda activate adass-asdf
```

The name of the new conda environment created above should now be displayed next to the terminal
prompt: `(adass-asdf)`

Now navigate to this directory in the terminal:

```shell
cd asdf-adass2024
```

If the package was installed with `pip`, the `Build` and `Channel` columns will include `pypi`:

```
# packages in environment at /opt/miniconda3/envs/test:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
numpy                     1.22.4                   pypi_0    pypi
```

and then you can upgrade with `pip install --upgrade <package>`:

```shell
pip install --upgrade numpy
```

## 6. Download Data

Making sure to activate the `conda` environment (`conda activate adass-asdf`), run the following to
download the data files used by these notebooks:

```shell
python data/download.py
```

## 7. Starting Jupyter Notebook

> Making sure your terminal is in the `roman-data-workshop` directory (you can use `pwd` to check), you can then start the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Making sure your terminal is in the `addf-adass2024` directory (you can use `pwd` to check), you can then start the
```
